<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	template="/templates/common/commonTemplate.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<h:head>
		<meta name="google-site-verification" content="6QLbMEAIW5Qfx51zHZ_gfrAzGadw1zizdl3KeYA5CPM" />
		<meta name="google-site-verification" content="dbKPiyGCRaDZxhCgc_1ZnOQd_3NOq0PrLE0fvbjdIqM" /> 
			<meta charset="UTF-8" />
			<title>LT Pharma</title>
			<meta name="description" content="Description of your site goes here" />
			<meta name="keywords" content="keyword1, keyword2, keyword3" />
			<link href="./resources/css/style.css?v=8-1-2016AM" rel="stylesheet"
				type="text/css" />
		</h:head>
		<div class="content">
			<div class="row1">
				<div class="welcome">

					<h1 class="title">SERVICES</h1>

					<ul style="list-style-type: square">
						<li><a>Recruitment&amp; Placement Services</a></li><br/>
						<p>We provide full fledged range of Recruitment and Placement
							Services like Sourcing through recruitment campaigns using
							various media, Executive Search using wide range of resources,
							Designing&amp; Administering various aptitude tests, Setting up
							various Assessment processes, Establishing Interviewing and
							Selection procedures, facilitating in engaging the selected
							candidates in right time besides designing organisation specific
							Orientation/ Induction program procedures and processes. We are
							making sincere efforts to start overseas placements through
							successful tie-ups with overseas Placement consultants. Hiring
							our services will reduce the cost, time and effort of our Clients
							in finding the right talent in right time automatically leads to

							more productivity. Handling Background/ reference checks</p><br/>

						<li><a>Payroll Services</a></li><br/>
						<p>Outsourcing your Payroll to the right partner, will ensure
							that your work flow will continue to be smooth as ever and
							ensures confidentiality. We handle monthly Payroll preparation

							besides Maintenance of all Records as per client requirements.</p><br/>
						<li><a>Statutory Services</a></li><br/>
						<p>Outsourcing Statutory compliances to the right partner, We
							handle monthly Payroll preparation and undertake all Statutory
							Compliance processes under ESI, PF, Professional Tax, Contract
							Labour Act, Shops&amp; establishments Act, Bonus Act, Gratuity
							Act Etc besides Maintenance of all Records and Registers and
							periodical Returns submission as per Indian Labour legislation in
							a most discreet and confidential manner. We further undertake
							Registrations, Licenses, renewal and regular liaison tasks under
							ESI, PF, Factories Dept., Labour department as per client

							requirements.</p><br/>
						<li><a>Staffing Solutions&amp; Services</a></li><br/>
						<p>We provide Contract labour and temporary staffing services
							at most reasonable rates to our clients in certain specific areas
							of working. We act as Contractor by taking contract labour
							license to serve our clients appropriately. We further take up
							outsourcing contracts of certain non core work/ business
							processes of companies as per our client requirements.</p><br/>
						<li><a>Training&amp; Development</a></li><br/>
						<p>It is necessary for every organisation to create passion in
							employee&#39;s work and gain employee commitment in an innovative
							manner hence regular Training&amp; Development is required. We
							are making sincere efforts to start our own Training center with
							world class facilities to provide quality Training on regular
							basis on following areas:
						<ul style="list-style-type: disc; margin-left: 50px;">

							<li>Soft Skills development</li>
							<li>Personality Development</li>
							<li> Personal &amp; Managerial effectiveness, Time
								Management, Goal setting and achievement</li>
							<li> Communication and presentation skills development</li>
							<li>Campus Recruitment Training for B.Tech/MCA/MBA and
								Employability skills development for Graduates</li>
							<li> Marketing&amp; Selling skills development</li>
						</ul>

						</p><br/>


						<li><a>Liasoning Services</a></li>
						<li><a>End to End HR Services</a></li>

					</ul>
					<br /> <br />

				</div>
			</div>
		</div>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>